Docs for EvaluationSuite (#340)
huggingface/evaluate: docs/source/evaluation_suite.mdx

> # Creating an EvaluationSuite

Reviewer: I think it would be good to give instructions how to add a new Suite on the hub (for people who don't know how). For metrics there is a small CLI using Cookiecutter where you specify the name of the metric and it creates the spaces, clones it locally and adds template files. Similar to the metric modules we could also add 
- README: document the goal and limitations of the suite
- app.py: a simple gradio demo or so that parses the Suite.py/README and displays useful information
If you want I could help with that. I think reducing friction to create a new suite to the minimum will maximise adoption. Happy to do it in a follow up PR but I think it would be great to have with the release/announcement. What do you think?

Author: Sure, sounds good, having a README and/or template seems broadly useful!

I've added some more instructions in evaluation_suite.mdx as well.

> 

Reviewer: What do you think about taking a step back at the very beginning and motivating why evaluating models on multiple datasets with multiple metrics is a good idea?

Author: Added!

The `EvaluationSuite` provides a way to compose any number of ([evaluator](base_evaluator), dataset, metric) tuples to evaluate a model on a collection of several evaluation tasks. See the [evaluator documentation](base_evaluator) for a list of currently supported tasks.

> A new `EvaluationSuite` is made up of `SubTask` classes, and can be defined by subclassing the `EvaluationSuite` class. Files can be uploaded to a Space on the Hugging Face Hub or saved locally.

Reviewer: The first sentence is a bit confusing to me. What about
```suggestion
A new `EvaluationSuite` is made up of a list of `SubTask` classes, each defining an evaluation task. The Python file containing the definition can be uploaded to a Space on the Hugging Face Hub so it can be shared with the community or saved/loaded locally.
```

> Datasets which require additional preprocessing before being used with an `Evaluator` can be processed with `datasets` transformations by setting the `preprocessor` attribute to a preprocessing function. Keyword arguments for the `Evaluator` can be passed down through `args_for_task`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some datasets require additional preprocessing before passing them to an `Evaluator`. You can set a `data_preprocessor` for each `SubTask` which is applied via a `map` operation using the `datasets` library. Keyword arguments for the `Evaluator` can be passed down through the `args_for_task` attribute.
```

```python
import evaluate
from evaluate.evaluation_suite import SubTask

class Suite(evaluate.EvaluationSuite):

    def __init__(self, name):
        super().__init__(name)
        self.preprocessor = lambda x: {"text": x["text"].lower()}
        self.suite = [
            SubTask(
                task_type="text-classification",
                data="glue",
                subset="cola",
                split="test[:10]",
                args_for_task={
                    "metric": "accuracy",
                    "input_column": "sentence",
                    "label_column": "label",
                    "label_mapping": {
                        "LABEL_0": 0.0,
                        "LABEL_1": 1.0
                    }
                }
            )
        ]
```

> An `EvaluationSuite` can be loaded by name from the Hugging Face Hub, or locally by providing a path, and run with `.run(model_or_pipeline)`. The evaluation results are printed along with their task names and information about the time it took to obtain predictions through the pipeline. These can be viewed as a pandas DataFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `EvaluationSuite` can be loaded by name from the Hugging Face Hub, or locally by providing a path, and run with the `run(model_or_pipeline)` method. The evaluation results are returned along with their task names and information about the time it took to obtain predictions through the pipeline. These can be easily displayed with a `pandas.DataFrame`.
```

```python
import pandas as pd
from evaluate import EvaluationSuite

suite = EvaluationSuite.load('mathemakitten/glue-evaluation-suite')
results = suite.run("gpt2")

> results = [{'accuracy': 0.0, 'total_time_in_seconds': 0.6330130019999842, 'samples_per_second': 15.797463825237905, 'latency_in_seconds': 0.06330130019999843, 'task_name': 'glue/cola', 'data_preprocessor': None}, {'accuracy': 0.5, 'total_time_in_seconds': 0.7627554609999834, 'samples_per_second': 13.110361723126644, 'latency_in_seconds': 0.07627554609999834, 'task_name': 'glue/sst2', 'data_preprocessor': None}]

Reviewer: I would hide the `results = [...` and just show the markdown dataframe (you can use `df.to_markdown`) after the last line.

Author: Done

# Creating an EvaluationSuite

The `EvaluationSuite` provides a way to compose any number of ([evaluator](base_evaluator), dataset, metric) tuples to evaluate a model on a collection of several evaluation tasks.

A new `EvaluationSuite` is made up of `SubTask` classes, and can be defined by subclassing the `EvaluationSuite` class. Files can be uploaded to a Space on the Hugging Face Hub or saved locally.

Datasets which require additional preprocessing before being used with an `Evaluator` can be processed with `datasets` transformations by setting the `preprocessor` attribute to a preprocessing function. Keyword arguments for the `Evaluator` can be passed down through `args_for_task`.

```python
import evaluate
from evaluate.evaluation_suite import SubTask

class Suite(evaluate.EvaluationSuite):

    def __init__(self, name):
        super().__init__(name)
        self.preprocessor = lambda x: {"text": x["text"].lower()}
        self.suite = [
            SubTask(

>                 task_type="text-classification",

Reviewer 2: Can you list the available task types maybe ? Or redirect to their docs ?

Author: I've added a link to the supported tasks on the [Evaluator docs](https://huggingface.co/docs/evaluate/base_evaluator) so we don't have to maintain the list in two places!

> ```

Reviewer 2: (nit) Would be nice to show it as a pandas DataFrame for readability

Author: Good call, the result is now a list of dicts so it can be easily transformed into a dataframe. I've added that to the example 😄

The `EvaluationSuite` provides a way to compose any number of ([evaluator](base_evaluator), dataset, metric) tuples as a SubTask to evaluate a model on a collection of several evaluation tasks. See the [evaluator documentation](base_evaluator) for a list of currently supported tasks.

A new `EvaluationSuite` is made up of a list of `SubTask` classes, each defining an evaluation task. The Python file containing the definition can be uploaded to a Space on the Hugging Face Hub so it can be shared with the community or saved/loaded locally as a Python script.

Some datasets require additional preprocessing before passing them to an `Evaluator`. You can set a `data_preprocessor` for each `SubTask` which is applied via a `map` operation using the `datasets` library. Keyword arguments for the `Evaluator` can be passed down through the `args_for_task` attribute.

> To create a new `EvaluationSuite`, create a new Space with a .py file which matches the name of the Space, add the below template to a Python file, and fill in the attributes for a new task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new `EvaluationSuite`, create a [new Space](https://huggingface.co/new-space) with a .py file which matches the name of the Space, add the below template to a Python file, and fill in the attributes for a new task.
```

        self.preprocessor = lambda x: {"text": x["text"].lower()}
        self.suite = [
            SubTask(
                task_type="text-classification",
                data="glue",
                subset="sst2",
                split="validation[:10]",
                args_for_task={
                    "metric": "accuracy",
                    "input_column": "sentence",
                    "label_column": "label",
                    "label_mapping": {
                        "LABEL_0": 0.0,
                        "LABEL_1": 1.0
                    }
                }
            ),
            SubTask(
                task_type="text-classification",
                data="glue",
                subset="rte",
                split="validation[:10]",
                args_for_task={
                    "metric": "accuracy",
                    "input_column": "sentence1",
                    "second_input_column": "sentence2",
                    "label_column": "label",
                    "label_mapping": {
                        "LABEL_0": 0,
                        "LABEL_1": 1
                    }
                }
            )
        ]
```

> An `EvaluationSuite` can be loaded by name from the Hugging Face Hub, or locally by providing a path, and run with the `run(model_or_pipeline)` method. The evaluation results are returned along with their task names and information about the time it took to obtain predictions through the pipeline. These can be easily displayed with a `pandas.DataFrame`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `EvaluationSuite` can be loaded by name from the Hugging Face Hub, or locally by providing a path, and run with the `run(model_or_pipeline)` method. The evaluation results are returned along with their task names and information about the time it took to obtain predictions through the pipeline. These can be easily displayed with a `pandas.DataFrame`:
```

```
>>> from evaluate import EvaluationSuite
>>> suite = EvaluationSuite.load('mathemakitten/glue-evaluation-suite')
>>> results = suite.run("gpt2")

> |   accuracy |   total_time_in_seconds |   samples_per_second |   latency_in_seconds | task_name   |

Reviewer: Would do the same here and remove the table from the codeblock so it's actually rendered as a nice table.
